NAT RFC: http://tools.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5508.txt

ICMP Error messages provide signaling for IP.
All ICMP Error messages are characterized by the fact that they
embed the original datagram that triggered the ICMP Error message.
The original datagram embedded within the ICMP Error payload is
also referred to as the "Embedded packet" throughout the document.
Unlike ICMP Query messages, ICMP Error messages do not have a Query
Id in the ICMP header.

Basically error message is just the same message that triggered the error, stored in another header.

When an ICMP Error packet is received, if the
ICMP checksum fails to validate, the NAT SHOULD silently drop the
ICMP Error packet.  This is because NAT uses the embedded IP and
transport headers for forwarding and translating the ICMP Error
message (described in Section 4.2).  When the ICMP checksum is
invalid, the embedded IP and transport headers, which are covered by
the ICMP checksum, are also suspect.

// inbound: going IN the private network, FROM the outside

a)
If the NAT has active mapping for the embedded
payload, then the NAT MUST do the following prior to
forwarding the packet, unless explicitly overridden by local
policy:

    1.) Revert the IP and transport headers of the embedded IP
        packet to their original form, using the matching mapping;
        and

    2.) Leave the ICMP Error type and code unchanged; and

    3.) Modify the destination IP address of the outer IP header to
        be the same as the source IP address of the embedded packet
        after translation.

If the NAT has active mapping for the embedded
payload, then the NAT MUST do the following prior to
forwarding the packet, unless explicitly overridden by local
policy.

    a) Revert the IP and transport headers of the embedded IP
        packet to their original form, using the matching mapping;
        and

    b) Leave the ICMP Error type and code unchanged; and

    c) If the NAT enforces Basic NAT function [NAT-TRAD], and the
        NAT has active mapping for the IP address that sent the
        ICMP Error, translate the source IP address of the ICMP
        Error packet with the public IP address in the mapping.  In
        all other cases, translate the source IP address of the
        ICMP Error packet with its own public IP address.
        
b)
If the NAT device does not have an
active mapping for the embedded packet, the NAT SHOULD silently drop
the ICMP Error packet.  Otherwise, the NAT device MUST use the
matching NAT Session to translate the embedded packet; that is,
translate the source IP address of the embedded packet (e.g., Host-y'
-> Host-y) and transport headers.



Silently dropping packets obviously comes from security reasons, where router acts as a filter of unwanted messages.

// ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

// outbound: going OUT the private network

c)
REQ-5:
If the NAT has active mapping for the embedded
payload, then the NAT MUST do the following prior to
forwarding the packet, unless explicitly overridden by local
policy.

    1.) Revert the IP and transport headers of the embedded IP
        packet to their original form, using the matching mapping;
        and

    2.) Leave the ICMP Error type and code unchanged; and

    3.) If the NAT enforces Basic NAT function [NAT-TRAD], and the
        NAT has active mapping for the IP address that sent the
        ICMP Error, translate the source IP address of the ICMP
        Error packet with the public IP address in the mapping.  In
        all other cases, translate the source IP address of the
        ICMP Error packet with its own public IP address.


d)
REQ-5: If a NAT device receives an ICMP Error packet from the private
realm, and the NAT does not have an active mapping for the
embedded payload, the NAT SHOULD silently drop the ICMP Error
packet. 


-
I didn't really understand the section 5 about hairpinning...:

"When forwarding a hairpinned ICMP Error message, the NAT
device MUST translate the destination IP address of the
outer IP header to be same as the source IP address of the
embedded IP packet after the translation."

// ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

e)
There are some examples given in security considerations:

1. A rogue entity could bombard the NAT device with a large number of ICMP Errors.  If the
NAT device did not validate the legitimacy of the ICMP Error packets,
the ICMP Errors would be forwarded directly to the end nodes. 
This node cannot defend itself and would get affected. 
Therefore we need filtering of those messages before they reach the host.
We do that by mitigating end hosts from malformed ICMP Error attacks with checksums.

2. 
Attacker could also send malicious Error messages for existing NAT sessions to sabotage them.
Req-6 averts such an attack by ensuring that an ICMP Error message does not
affect the state of a session on the NAT device.

Req-6:
"While processing an ICMP Error packet pertaining to an ICMP
Query or Query response message, a NAT device MUST NOT refresh
or delete the NAT Session that pertains to the embedded
payload within the ICMP Error packet."


...

f)
Blocking such ICMP messages is
known to break some protocol features (most notably path MTU
Discovery) and some applications (e.g., ping, traceroute), and such
blocking is NOT RECOMMENDED. We need those services!

// --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


g)
"[RFC5927] discussed the use of ICMP Source Quench messages for
performing "blind throughput-reduction" attacks, and noted that most
TCP implementations silently ignore ICMP Source Quench messages."

So basically there's no point in sending these messages if an attacker will ignore them.


h)
An attacker could also easily pretend to be router sending this message to other hosts connected to it (broadcasting),
putting them in the slow-start of the TCP's congestion control algorithm and therefore slowing transmission on the connection.

Router SHOULD NOT send ICMP Source Quench messages in response to congestion.


// --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

i)
The IPv6 is being implemented for the reason of being short on IPv4 address space.
By implementing IPv6 we would get much bigger address space so NAT, a temporary solution to this problem, would be unnecessary.

j)
I guess by forgetting NEW default firewals, the ipv6 messages would use the OLD gateways and therefore flooding the systems.
They should add new default routes for ipv6.
NAT protects local machines from outside world. They are kind of annonymous on the outside, hiding behind the router's outside ip.

--

So, 
a) "Revert the IP and transport headers of the embedded IP packet to their original form" is about changing the embedded IPs and 
c) "Modify the destination IP address of the outer IP header to be the same as the source IP address of the embedded packet after translation." is about the IP of the ICMP Error message itself?